
Contributor Agreement

Chinese Ideographs

Thank you for your interest in the open source software project Chinese Ideographs made up of the following GitHub repositories:
https://github.com/Nautilus-Cyberneering/chinese-ideographs
https://github.com/Nautilus-Cyberneering/chinese-ideographs-website
https://github.com/Nautilus-Cyberneering/chinese-ideographs-scaffolding
https://github.com/Nautilus-Cyberneering/chinese-ideographs-context

All these repositories belonging to Nautilus Cyberneering GmbH (NAUTILUS) and are done in collaboration with the Ethical Sofware Ltd. Company (ETHICAL).

The purpose of this Contribution Agreement (“Agreement”) is to define the 
intellectual property license granted by persons or entities that contribute code and artwork to us for the Project (“Contributions” and
further defined below). If the Contribution is made on behalf of a company, the term “you” as used in this Agreement 
will mean the individual accepting this Agreement as well as the company employing such individual.
You hereby agree to the following terms and conditions:

1. Contributions: 
The term “Contribution” means any source code, object code, patch, tool, sample, graphic, spe-
cification, manual, documentation, or any other material posted or submitted by you to a Project.
A Contribution is “submitted” when any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication is sent to the Project, in-
cluding but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking 
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project for the purpose of discussing or improving software or docu-
mentation of the Project. Communication that is conspicuously marked or designated in writing by you as “Not a 
Contribution” will not be considered a Contribution. Any Contribution submitted by you to the Project will be under the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement without any additional terms or conditions.

2. Grant of License:
You hereby transfer to NAUTILUS your entire right, title, and interest (including all your rights un-
der copyright) in the changes and enhancements to the Contribution, including changes in accompanying documenta-
tion files and supporting files as well as changes in actual program code. The assignment shall also include any future 
revisions of these changes and enhancements hereafter made by you. This includes, at our option, the right to subli-
cense these same rights to third parties through multiple levels of sublicensees or other licensing or transfer arrange-
ments.

You agree that you will not assert any moral rights in your contribution against us, our licensees or transferees.
You also agree that we may register a copyright in the Contribution and exercise all ownership rights associated with it;
and you agree that neither of us has any duty to consult with, obtain the consent of, pay or render an accounting to the 
other for any use or distribution of the Contribution.

With respect to any patents you own, you hereby grant to NAUTILUS and to the recipients of software distributed by 
ownCloud a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, full paid-up, royalty-free patent license to make, have 
made,use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer your Contribution in whole or in part, alone or in combination
with or included in any product, work, derivative works or materials arising out of the Project, where such license 
applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by your Contribution alone or by 
combination of your Contribution with the Project to which you submitted the Contribution. This license includes, at our 
option, the right to sublicense these same rights to third parties through multiple levels of sublicensees or other 
licensing or transfer arrangements.

3. Ownership: 
Except as set out above, you keep all right, title and interest in your Contribution.
You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual 
property that you create that includes your Contribution, you represent that you have received permission to make 
Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to the Pro-
ject, or that your employer has executed a separate Contribution Agreement with us.

You represent that your Contribution is an original work by you, and to your knowledge, no other person claims, or has 
the right to claim, any right whatsoever in the Contribution.
You represent and warrant that to the best of your knowledge, each Contribution will not violate any third party's copy-
rights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property rights.

4. Community pledge: 
NAUTILUS confirms that any Code Contribution we received by you will be 
made available under the terms of the Affero General Public License v3. (“AGPLv3) (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html).
However NAUTILUS will be free to add additional licences, such as GPL, or MPLv2,.

NAUTILUS confirms that any Artwork Contribution we received by you will be 
made available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0 International (“CC-BY-SA-4.0) (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).
However NAUTILUS, or ETHICAL will be free to add additional licences to any Artwork Contributions, such as CC-BY or CC0.

Any commit that is older than five years automatically is granted the additional licences: 
- For code, MIT-0. 
- For everything else, CC0”.

5. Artificial acceleration of the Public Domain concept
Any commit that is older than five years automatically is granted the additional licences: 
- For code, MIT No Attribution (MIT-0). 
- For everything else, Creative Commons 1.0 Universal (CC0).


6. Notice and Inclusion: 
You agree to notify us if you become aware of any circumstance which would make any of 
the foregoing representations inaccurate in any respect.
The Project is under no obligation to accept and include every Contribution.

7. Effective Date: 
The rights that you grant to us under these terms are effective on the date you first submitted the 
Contribution to us, even if your submission took place before the date you sign these terms. 


Your signature: 
Date:
Your name: 

Your employer: